docs(connector-wechat-web): readme (en-US) (#1346)
logto-io/logto: packages/connector-wechat/README.md

# WeChat web connector

The official Logto connector for WeChat social sign-in in web apps.

微信 web 应用社交登录官方 Logto 连接器 [中文文档](#)

**Table of contents**

- [WeChat web connector](#wechat-web-connector)
  - [Get started](#get-started)
  - [Create a web app in the WeChat Open Platform](#create-a-web-app-in-the-wechat-open-platform)
    - [Create an account](#create-an-account)
    - [Create a web app](#create-a-web-app)
      - [Basic info](#basic-info)
      - [Website info](#website-info)
      - [Waiting for the review result](#waiting-for-the-review-result)
  - [Compose the connector JSON](#compose-the-connector-json)
    - [Test WeChat web connector](#test-wechat-web-connector)

## Get started

> If you don't know the concept of the connector or haven't added this connector to your Sign-in experience yet, please see [Logto tutorial](https://docs.logto.io/docs/tutorials/get-started/enable-social-sign-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't know the concept of the connector or haven't added this connector to your Sign-in experience yet, please check [Logto tutorial](https://docs.logto.io/docs/tutorials/get-started/enable-social-sign-in) first.
```
